hi to all and the room in this
video we will go to northampton
discover the deception of michael and
see a little closer to hers
find there so there you wonder
maybe in the summer makes this video
because it's more possible dallas
north firm tons for a long time so
I tell you this video she was
made today
by the way, I brought the liberator back
place there for proof
so it's true that I could have also
bring it back down to be
sure it defends a point 16 by
example being a point May 15 like you
see on the mini map I already took
a pegasus vehicle so the liberator
and I can not bring back 2 more than that
would not have been convenient to walk to
northampton with the will drop for fairways
from the cemetery to the lienne I needed
of a vehicle that rolls so I have a
friend waiting for me there but I
came back to the airport for you
show the path I took for
go there
so there as you see the map l
huge I have not searched in full for
the video because it would have been
a lot way too long so for
this time I only go to you
talk about michael and hers but
after this video i will return well
searched and if I discover other
things I'm doing a video for you in
speak
so there is also a problem of texture
that is, everything is fine
visible
but if we start to venture
anywhere you can fall into the void
and then you have to retype all the
way back to here so that's
not necessarily practical
after the ideal I know it would be coming
here by helicopter to avoid
precisely fallen into a black hole and
to be able to walk around
but for this video there is no
need since I chose places
quite targeted so I know they are
texture
there is no problem on this one
will not fall into the void so we come
now in the city if you
thanks you do not recognize yet
it is normal it is night and seen from above
it's not necessarily obvious there what
you see here it is the cemetery
so we landed right next to
the grave of michael
so here we are on the grave of
michael that you all know under the
name of michael descent to except that here
you will see that he has another name there
my friend morning on the side with the
liberator for us to see next
hers so here on the grave is
michael taoulet writing so that's the
michael's real name we know him
with the name michael de santa but he has
had to change people to make people believe
that he was dead so to be able to
start his new life
so we see below 1965 2004 so
that that tells us two things first
what it tells us is that michael
was 39 when he made believe
that he was dead and that he started his
new life and the second thing that's
that the prologue of gta 5 was therefore
unfolded in 2004 what is a blink
right at the exit of the game san
andreas, who was also born in
October 2004
so there now we resume liberator
and we'll go see her
found under the ice so it's a
quite a long way to go
so we'll have to speed up the
video me perso I had missed
become an orient of tons confess too
that you missed you too watching
it's still very pretty
good to be here even though it has become a
little apocalyptic since all this time
as you see there is no vehicle there
nothing
after I also noticed something to
about their talent firm but
be careful there is a theory but
it's heavy so
so what I'm going to tell you here is
my theory but it can be plausible
so we will talk about it then as I do you
have said many times in
several videos
rockstar gives us messages
various through their easter egg
so that is to say that every time we
discover an easter egg there is always a
message behind from rockstar
remember for the bigfoot they we
have shown that it is a disguised man
so all that to tell us not to
believe in this legend of big football and
to tell us that precisely the bigfoot
does not exist in real
remember also the UFOs so the
eggs have UFOs we see well written
have failed by above so that's for
tell us all these stories
around UFOs it's a machination
invented by the fbi go there and they
are just trying to make us believe
things that do not exist in real life
so short we know that rockstar denounces
and we're going to talk about that
again
either they denounce or it's a
coincidence I want to think that
it may be possible
so I'm talking about the theory the
initials of northampton cn there so the
same initials as new york ny also
North Fenton is overgrown with snow
strangely in recent years new
york has suffered major storms of
snow we've never seen before
so how could rockstar be at
current is what there is a message
behind all this is that it's a
simple coincidence
knowing that rockstar does not let
absolutely nothing random
so it's up to you to tell me
comment
it is precisely a space to open the
debate so here I think we need to open
the debate on it so our firm
ton m ny new york ny north fenton
overgrown with snow
the rockstar game was done lately
years
New York has suffered major storms
snow in recent years what is this
what do you think
so there we find the famous aliens on
finally gets there
so what is he doing there in seen
his position he does not seem to be
quiet
so what happened here perso
I have no idea
what I think is that since
it's at the beginning of the game that we find
precisely this alien it is to announce
the color of what will happen after
by showing us that there will be
aliens to discover in the game so the
famous aliens we'll see it's this
movie aliens who are disguised who
remove their disguises the
flying saucers do things
like that so what we can see is
that he is very well drawn so that
so it's a nice wink to the
Following the game leave in comment your
advice on the two things we talked about
the alien michael after also talking about
north firm stood on the theory that I
have given you and we are going to leave each other
on it and I tell you in the
next ciao